fix(resw): Log invalid resw language as warnings (#13607)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-build-error-codes.md

This can happen if a project contains only a `net7.0` TargetFramework and has a NuGet reference to `Uno.WinUI`.

To fix this, it is best to start from a `Cross Platform Library` project template provided by the Uno Platform [visual studio extension](xref:Guide.HowTo.Create-Control-Library), or using [`dotnet new`](xref:Uno.GetStarted.dotnet-new).

> ## UNOB0003: Ignoring resource XX, could not determine the language
> 
> This error may occur during resources (`.resw`) analysis if the framework does not recognize the language being specified.
> 
> For instance, the language `zh-CN` is not recognized. `zh-Hans` should be used instead.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
## UNOB0003: Ignoring resource XX, could not determine the language

This error may occur during resources (`.resw`) analysis if the framework does not recognize the specified language code.

For instance, the language code `zh-CN` is not recognized and `zh-Hans` should be used instead.
```
